Copy edit 5.16 guides (#2010)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.16/guides/install-check-executables-with-assets.md

If the provided filters are too restrictive for your platform, replace `os` and `arch` with any supported [entity system attributes][4] (for example, `entity.system.platform_family == 'rhel'`).
You may also want to customize the asset `name` to reflect the supported platform (for example, `sensu-pagerduty-handler-linux`) and add custom attributes with [`labels` and `annotations`][5].

**Enterprise-tier assets** (like the [ServiceNow][10] and [Jira][11] event handlers) require a Sensu commercial license.
For more information about commercial features and to activate your license, see [Get started with commercial features][12].

### 2. Register the asset with Sensu

After you download the asset definition, you can register the asset with Sensu using sensuctl:

{{< highlight shell >}}
sensuctl create --file sensu-sensu-pagerduty-handler-1.1.0-linux-amd64.yml
{{< /highlight >}}

You can also use sensuctl to verify that the asset is registered and ready to use:

{{< highlight shell >}}
sensuctl asset list
{{< /highlight >}}

### 3. Create a workflow

With the asset downloaded and registered, you can use it in a monitoring workflow.

> Depending on the asset, you may want to create Sensu checks, filters, mutators, and handlers for the asset to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assets may provide executable plugins intended for use with a Sensu check, handler, mutator, or hook, or JavaScript libraries intended to provide functionality for use in event filters.
```

{{< /language-toggle >}}

Save the definition to a file (for example, `pagerduty-handler.json`), and add it to Sensu with sensuctl:

{{< highlight shell >}}
sensuctl create --file pagerduty-handler.json
{{< /highlight >}}

> Now that Sensu can create incidents in PagerDuty, you can automate this workflow by adding the `pagerduty` handler to your Sensu service checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that Sensu can create incidents in PagerDuty, you can automate this workflow by adding the `pagerduty` handler to your Sensu service check definitions.
```
